# 340_CPD weekly

## Week 1 
This week being the first week back was full of introductions to our new modules. The work seems to be split between dissertation, group project and optimisation and porting for this study block. Last study block I lost a lot of motivation for doing my dissertation so I feel like a challenge will be regaining this motivation and getting this project done. Getting my artefact working correctly and getting results will be my top priority here. If I can get this done then I will have a head start going into the written work which I will most likely struggle with.
## Week 2 
Our second optimisation lecture was more focused on the subject at hand and had us looking at an asteroids game made in C++. Our task here was to use profiling tools to understand what sections of the code used the most resources. Using these tools I feel like I managed to locate the problematic code but then I didn’t know how to proceed. My C++ knowledge was not adequate enough to be able to refactor this code and make it run more efficiently. This is an area that I would like to improve as I feel it is expected of me to be able to do this.
## Week 3 
This week had our first deadline being the research journal. For this I focused on looking at bottlenecks and back face culling for creating my own pages on the wiki. I also went through other pages and added little bits of fixed some of the English. I found it hard here to pick subjects that I could work on for this topic. It took me a long time to find these subject areas. To speed up this process maybe I should improve the way I research the subject with getting a good overview with the start before jumping into more specialised areas.
## Week 4 
This week I felt like it was a good idea to make a start on my optimisation blog. Here I decided to optimise both the androids game and then my own unreal game from last year. The reasoning for this is that C++ optimisation feels like a more transferable skill compared to unreal optimisation. I found it very difficult to understand exactly how the asteroids code worked and made very little progress this week on the C++ side. I am hoping that I will improve for next week as I have a peer review on my optimisation progress.
## Week 5 
This week we had a peer review for the optimisation task. I had very little content and didn’t make it to the lecture this week. I should have done better to inform lecturer of this and take part in the peer review. I did manage to do the peer review later in the week and looked at some of my peers work. I felt like I managed to provide good feedback here and it also provided insight on some of the tasks I could do. I decided that I would scrap the asteroids C++ side of my project and work fully on the unreal aspect of the project.
## Week 6 
This week I had big problems with git large file system (LFS). I was trying to create a repository for my optimisation which includes the unreal game I made last year. This took me 3 nights to manage to get working finally. The problem here was I didn’t fully understand how LFS worked and then I would try and commit. About 5 hours later it comes back with commit failed. Now I feel like I have a better understanding of how it works so should not run into these same problems again, hopefully. This week I also put a lot of work into the group game project to get it ready for the show and tell event next week.
## Week 7 
This week we got the show and tell day, mostly just been polishing the game ready for the event. With the show and tell we also have a deadline for a poster. I made the poster using the template of that last one. With the technical posters I am never sure how I should approach the UML side of it, what UML would best showcase what I have made. Also when it comes to UML I am not completely clear on what I should be putting in them for example the class diagram heritage I am not sure what I should put into the classes and what I should leave out. If I included all the functionality of the class it would be too big.
## Week 8 
This week I decided to make a start of my porting, I originally was going to port for PS4 but after talking to my lecturer I decided to change and port to android instead as I already had experience in making games for android on unreal. When trying to port I came across many problems with SDK licensing which took me many days to figure out the solution. Also this week I started getting replies for my market research project, I put this off for too long so I needed results quickly. For this I found many people working in software development through twitter and sent them messages asking if they would be able to answer my questions, I only got a few replies here but a few is better than none.
## Week 9 
For this week I focused on my market research deadline, writing the report and getting the other materials such as the website and CV. My CV was not the best but looking at the amount of marks it was worth regarding the module I decided to not put much more time into it. The website I invested a lot of time into as I wanted to make a good portfolio website anyway. The market research report I wasn’t too sure what I should be writing about but I managed to write a lot anyway. I did this the night before hand in and stayed up all night writing it which I feel was successful as I wrote some of my best work that night.
## Week 11 
This week I focused a lot of the time in getting results for my dissertation, I feel like I should have done this long before now but better late than never. I managed to get about half my needed results with asking people around the studio. This process is taking a long time as I let people play the game for as long as they want. This week also had the optimisation deadline, I have managed to do all that I could think of to the game to optimise it although feel like I probably should do more considering how much the grade it worth.
## Week 12 
This week we had two deadlines. These deadlines being the Porting project and the group game deadline. I am happy with how the porting project went, although the process was tricky, I managed to get it all working in the end. For the group game project, I decided to clean up the blueprints to improve the understanding and maintainability of them. This process should have probably been carried out at an earlier stage as code should be maintainable throughout the project and not just made that way at the end.

